Add enhanced alerting details to host monitoring docs (#3879)
elastic/observability-docs: docs/en/observability/monitor-infra/analyze-hosts.asciidoc

To see alerts for a specific host, refer to <<view-host-details>>.

*****
**Why are alerts missing from the Hosts page?**

If your rules are triggering alerts that don't appear on the **Hosts** page,

> edit the rule and make sure it's correctly configured to associate the host name with the alert:

Author: ```suggestion
edit the rules and make sure they are correctly configured to associate the host name with the alert:
```
